# ADA-Essay-Answers
Answers to Application Q's
### 1
My interest in programming coincides with my interest in ADA Developers Academy. It started as a conversation with a friend. I was remarking how Seattle has become unbelievably expensive and that, though I love my job, I don't make nearly enough to survive here. My friend said, "so its simple, work for Boeing, Microsoft or Amazon". I laughed at how casually she'd suggested a total career change that would take at least four years of re education but then she told me about ADA's bootcamp style learning and my interested was peaked. I did some research on coding and started the Jumpstart learning program. I recognized that I had encountered HTML ages ago through Myspace and a little Javascript when using Wix to help me build a website for my dog running business. As I continued with the Jumpstart and many, many Youtube tutorials on coding, I grew increasingly excited about what I was learning. I love the puzzle solving aspect of coding and the feeling of accomplishment when something actually works. Other than Myspace, Wix and the jumpstart course provided by ADA my only other coding exposure is the Youtube videos I've watched on the subject.

### 2
In five years I see myself solving a never ending stream of complex problems, spending countless hours learning new technologies, innovating new programs and developing existing ones. I see myself collaborating remotely with other programmers on important projects. I look forward to long hours and short deadlines.    

### 3
ADA is clearly spearheaded by forward thinking, open minded, path blazing individuals and I would hope to be more than just a perfect representation of ADA's vision, mission and ideals. I already embody what ADA stands for; woman from a diverse background with an unconventional education and upbringing with a serious interest in breaking into and positively affecting an industry lacking in fundamental diversity

### 4
Once upon a time I was an actress and I made a terrible mistake. I didn't read the updated notes the day of a big shoot for a major telecommunications company commercial. Those notes said to come to set hair and makeup ready. I was still a novice to the industry and had no idea there was a section where notes and updates were made on the call sheets and I'd never heard of showing up to a large set having done my own hair and makeup. So I showed up to set as I would've to any set prior to this one. Fresh faced and cleaned hair. When the director saw me walk in right on time she looked as if a piano was about to fall on her. Here I am, completely unprepared, costing the whole set time and subsequently money because I didn't know to check the online casting board for notes and updates. How unprofessional! On top of all that my clothes were wrinkled. My agent did text me to bring some wardrobe options, which I did. None of them pressed, steamed or ironed. And when asked why I had appeared in such fashion, I said, "This is a (big name telecommunication company)" "Don't we have hair and makeup on set and isn't it someones job to steam wardrobe?" The director looked as though she wanted to curse but it was time to role, the clock was ticking and I couldn't be replaced because the hour was at hand and I was actually the replacement. After a turbulent first day, the next two days of shooting were like a dream. After day one of shooting I went and bought some makeup brushes and portable steamer and was fully prepared the rest of shoot days and every shot was one and done. Though I shined and out shined the damage had been done and when my manager showed up to the shoot the director informed her that she loved me and I'd been wonderful at my job  but that first day had cost her and she would never work with me again. I learned so much that week about production and my role as an actress and how my part tied in and effected others. Of course if I ever get an acting job I check those notes up until show time and I haven't been seen in a wrinkled garment since 2014. 
